Rename package (#249)
jbusecke/pyMIP: README.md

Free access to software and hollow diversity statements are hardly enough to crush the systemic and institutionalized racism in our society and academia.

> If you are using this package, I ask you to go beyond just speaking out and donate [here](https://secure.actblue.com/donate/pymip) to [Data for Black Lives](http://d4bl.org/) and [Black Lives Matter Action](https://blacklivesmatter.com/global-actions/).

Author: ```suggestion
If you are using this package, I ask you to go beyond just speaking out and donate [here](https://secure.actblue.com/donate/cmip6_preprocessing) to [Data for Black Lives](http://d4bl.org/) and [Black Lives Matter Action](https://blacklivesmatter.com/global-actions/).
```
